[Doc] Add link to local kind deployment doc (#5322)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reservations/existing-machines.rst

This guide will help you deploy SkyPilot on your existing machines — whether they are on-premises or reserved instances on a cloud provider.

.. tip::

>     To run SkyPilot on your local machine, you can directly :ref:`deploy a kubernetes cluster <kubernetes-setup-kind>` with `kind <https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To run SkyPilot on your local machine, use ``sky local up`` to :ref:`deploy a kubernetes cluster <kubernetes-setup-kind>` with `kind <https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/>`_.
```
